Genya!
EPISODE 6:
AREN'T YOU GOING TO BECOME A HASHIRA?
Gen...
ya...
What kind of slashing attack was that?
I can't regenerate!
The attack worked!
The pain is scorching me!
Calm down! You're pathetic!
It takes time, but we can regenerate!
The pain is scorching me!
I don't know
what's going on with Genya,
but I've figured something out
because he slashed one of them!
Looks like even if we behead
all four at the same time,
we can't finish them off
like we did Gyutaro!
Attacking these four Emotion Demons
is pretty much pointless!
Nezuko!
Something's been bothering me all this time.
Is it possible that their heads
aren't their vital spots?
Something felt so off.
That scent that I caught
for just an instant...
Right.
That was...
the scent of a fifth demon!
There's a fifth demon!
I have to find it!
The fifth demon's head's got to be...
Don't get so full of yourself!
I'm the one who's going to defeat...
an Upper Rank!
Genya...
You didn't defeat
Upper Six on your own!
That's why you haven't become a Hashira!
Uh, yeah, that's right!
You can bet...
that I'm going to...
beat you to it!
Genya! You're drooling, okay?
What's wrong?
Not to mention, you're choking me!
I'm the one who's going to become a Hashira!
I see!
I get it, sure!
Nezuko and I will give you our full support!
Let's give it our all, all three of us!
Huh?
I'm sure there's a fifth demon somewhere!
I'll look for it,
so I want you to buy me some time!
I know what you're up to!
You're just making me
let my guard down, and—
Huh?
Look out!
The Anger Demon's revived already!
Hurry!
Genya!
I'll let you know
as soon as I've found the fifth demon,
so keep these demons at bay!
They've all regenerated, dammit!
Whatever you do,
just don't slash Nezuko!
Because she's my little sister!
Uh...
Where's that fifth demon?
I have to find it while Genya and Nezuko
are fending off the others!
What's this?
Thanks to the wind
created by that demon with the fan,
the sulphur smell
from the hot springs is gone!
Find it!
Concentrate!
It's all right!
They'll never find me!
My four Emotions
will defeat those villains for me!
Found it!
Found it! Found it! I found it!
Genya!
Urogi!
Go straight, northeast!
The fifth demon's hiding itself
close to the ground!
Genya!
Go after it!
I'll cover you!
Northeast!
Crap, more lightning!
Nezuko! Go help Genya!
Don't let the Lightning Demon
get in Genya's way!
DESTROY
Don't let yourself get swept away!
Stay in this spot, no matter what!
This is bad! Here comes
a lightning attack, too!
Nezuko!
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Is it excruciating?
It must be excruciating!
UPPER FIVE
So, it's the same everywhere?
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Not only are you unable
to unleash your breathing techniques,
but you'll soon be drawing
your last breath in there, too!
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
That look of fake stoicism...
How very sublime it is!
My creative juices are simply gushing!
Don't fight back.
You're making me sad.
Sekido...
UPPER
FOUR
I know! I'm going to crucify her—
UPPER
FOUR
That youngster...
UPPER
FOUR
Now he's even faster than before!
No.
Even from the moment I first met him...
he's exceeded all of his reports!
Those unbelievable reflexes!
His ability to adapt himself in combat!
That explosive growth he displays
when he's on the brink!
Damn!
Karaku! Karaku!
You little punk!
All right!
Now I just gotta go
after that bullet-popping kid!
Huh?
Damn!
I've been slashed!
Damn you, punk!
Genya!
To your right!
It's moving south!
Search for it!
Jeez! I am searching for it!
I've been searching for it all this time!
A spell?
I can't see it because of another spell?
Crap! Crap! Crap!
Where are you?
The longer this goes on,
the closer I get to being depleted!
Turn west!
More to the right!
It's nearby!
Down below!
Where are you?
Where—
Genya! Down below!
Huh?
Puny!
That thing's beyond small!
This is the main body?
This thing?
Dammit! How the hell am I supposed
to spot something like that?
It's no bigger than a field mouse!
Those other four are crazy strong!
And this little squirt's the one
that's controlling them?
Fighting off those four demons...
while chasing after this mouse...
What a pain in the ass!
Now I can see why so many Demon Slayers
keep ending up dead!
Don't mess with me!
You're so annoying!
What am I supposed to do
with all this rage?
All right! I can do this! I win!
I-I can't slash it?
I can't slash it!
No way!
Look at it! Its head
is no bigger than my finger!
No good!
Oh, crap!
I was too slow!
I can't get out of the way!
I'm going to die.
I can't regenerate my head.
DESTROY
Big Brother...
I wanted to become a Hashira...
so my big brother would acknowledge me.
And...
I also wanted to apologize...
for what I said that day!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
My mom...
was such a tiny person.
I grew taller than her at an early age.
My mother was always working,
from morning until night.
Not once did I ever see her sleeping.
My father was not only a big guy,
but he was also a good-for-nothing.
He got stabbed to death
by someone with a grudge...
which served him right.
The old man...
was always beating up
my mother and us kids.
With that tiny body of hers...
our mother would shield us
from our monstrous father...
without so much as flinching.
I think she was amazing.
Mom's late, isn't she?
Huh?
Genya...
You can't sleep?
Well, neither can you, Big Brother.
I'm going to go look for Mom.
Oh, I'll go with you.
No.
I'll go. I want you to stay home.
We promised, remember?
Okay.
All right, I'm counting on you.
Yeah.
Big Brother!
Hey, I didn't know you were all awake.
You think Mom's okay?
She's fine, all right?
Big Brother went to look for her.
But...
She's never been this late before.
The sun will be coming up soon.
It's okay.
You must be tired.
Go to sleep, all right?
I bet Mom and Big Brother
will be back when you wake up.
It's Mom!
Mom!
- Mom!
Wait!
Don't open the door!
It might not be Mom—
Is it a beast? A stray dog?
No! It's a wolf!
I can't see it! It's too dark!
It's so fast!
Genya! Run!
Big Brother!
Koto!
Shuya!
Hiroshi!
Teiko!
Sumi!
P-Put pressure on your wounds!
I'll go get the doctor right away!
Just hang on a little longer!
Wh-What's going on?
What was that thing just now?
Where's Big Brother?
No, right now, I have to see to their wounds!
Big Brother—
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
Why'd you do it?
Why'd you kill our mother?
You murderer!
I'm sorry I said
those awful things, Big Brother.
It's all...
It's all just excuses...
but I was in a panic.
Shuya, Hiroshi, Koto, Teiko and Sumi
were all lying there dead...
not answering me.
"It's over."
I knew that I was about to die.
And that wolf...
What I thought was a wolf...
was our mother,
who'd turned into a demon.
You fought her to protect us...
running outside
where day was starting to break.
When you first realized
it was Mom who'd attacked our family...
how did it make you feel, Big Brother?
When you stood there, shattered...
after killing our beloved mother...
and the brother you'd fought tooth and nail
to protect denounced you...
how did that make you feel?
When we'd only just promised
each other...
to protect the family together!
Genya...
Huh?
Let's protect our family together,
you and me.
Um...
Dad got himself stabbed,
and now he's dead.
I feel a lot easier with him
out of the picture...
but without a father around...
everyone will feel lonely.
From now on...
you and I...
are going to protect Mom and our siblings.
Got that?
What you mean is...
"from now on, too..."
right?
Yeah.
Sorry, Big Brother.
I'm going to die
without getting a chance to say I'm sorry.
And that memory of you
smiling at me...
will be the last thing I see.
I had no talent, Big Brother.
I can't use breathing techniques...
and I'll never become a Hashira.
DESTROY
Unless I become a Hashira,
I can never meet the other Hashira.
DESTROY
I gave it my all...
but it was beyond me.
A slowpoke like you...
You're no brother of mine!
Just quit the Demon Slayer Corps!
But why?
I am your brother!
Genya!
Don't give up!
Go after it again!
Slash it again!
Whatever you do, don't give up!
This time, you'll make it!
I'll protect you, all right?
Don't think about anything else
but beheading it!
Aren't you going to become a Hashira?
Genya Shinazugawa?
Oh no!
Behind us!
Weeping Spears.
This is bad! I'm hit!
Squarely!
Huh?
Go!
Genya!
I can't...
behead it!
You be the one...
to behead it!
Just this once...
I'm going to...
Genya...
...let you have it!
I'll do it...
no matter what!
There it is!
It's tiny!
You're not getting away!
PART 6
Genya, you didn't have
anything to eat again today.
Are you okay?
I hear that you haven't eaten
since we met at the Butterfly Mansion.
You can't battle demons unless you eat!
That's right!
I said I don't want anything!
You're always acting too familiar!
But we're friends!
Since when are we friends?
Well, we soaked
in the hot springs together!
That was only because you barged in—
And we were in the same
Final Selection class, too!
So, that makes us friends, right?
I told you!
That's what's so annoying about—
Hold up a second!
Next, Episode 7, "Awful Villain."
Genya, let's always be good friends!
I said—
TO BE CONTINUED